https://github.com/ethereum/remix-project: SBOM imported: 6571 dependencies found
https://github.com/prysmaticlabs/prysm: Dependencies analyzed: 258 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum: Dependencies analyzed: 144 dependencies found
https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse: Dependencies analyzed: 291 dependencies found
https://github.com/consensys/teku: Dependencies analyzed: 243 dependencies found
https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2: Dependencies analyzed: 121 dependencies found
https://github.com/chainsafe/lodestar: Dependencies analyzed: 575 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethers-io/ethers.js: Dependencies analyzed: 167 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: Dependencies analyzed: 343 dependencies found
https://github.com/grandinetech/grandine: Dependencies analyzed: 247 dependencies found
https://github.com/nethermindeth/nethermind: Dependencies analyzed: 93 dependencies found
https://github.com/hyperledger/besu: Dependencies analyzed: 26 dependencies found
https://github.com/erigontech/erigon: Dependencies analyzed: 299 dependencies found
https://github.com/paradigmxyz/reth: Dependencies analyzed: 263 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/py-evm: Dependencies analyzed: 12 dependencies found
https://github.com/eth-infinitism/account-abstraction: Dependencies analyzed: 234 dependencies found
https://github.com/nomicfoundation/hardhat: Dependencies analyzed: 1344 dependencies found
https://github.com/safe-global/safe-smart-account: Dependencies analyzed: 225 dependencies found
https://github.com/a16z/helios: Dependencies analyzed: 440 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py: Dependencies analyzed: 14 dependencies found
https://github.com/hyperledger-web3j/web3j: Dependencies analyzed: 20 dependencies found
https://github.com/alloy-rs/alloy: Dependencies analyzed: 24 dependencies found
https://github.com/nethereum/nethereum: Dependencies analyzed: 70 dependencies found
https://github.com/wevm/viem: Dependencies analyzed: 1130 dependencies found
https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry: Dependencies analyzed: 285 dependencies found
https://github.com/apeworx/ape: Dependencies analyzed: 53 dependencies found
https://github.com/vyperlang/titanoboa: Dependencies analyzed: 34 dependencies found
https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper: Dependencies analyzed: 26 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum-lists/chains: Dependencies analyzed: 16 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/solidity: Dependencies analyzed: 7 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/fe: Dependencies analyzed: 243 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/evmone: Dependencies analyzed: 0 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis: Dependencies analyzed: 263 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs: Dependencies analyzed: 26 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs: Dependencies analyzed: 128 dependencies found
https://github.com/ethereum/sourcify: Dependencies analyzed: 325 dependencies found
https://github.com/openzeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: Dependencies analyzed: 249 dependencies found
https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2: Dependencies analyzed: 280 dependencies found
